Civic Creativity with a Fleet of Agents

Tips for the AI Age: Superpowers, Slop, and Civic Imagination
From Boulder Community Network to a Fleet of AI Agents
Infinite Lives, New Superpowers: Open Source Habits for the AI Age
From the Early Web to the Agentic Web
The Next Civic Internet: AI, Open Source, and Human Flourishing
A Curious Human’s Guide to the AI Firehose
Superpowers for the Civic-Minded Nerd
Agents, Audits, and Attention: Open Source Lessons for AI
The Web Was Practice: Now Comes AI
Verifiability, Creativity, and the Fleet of Agents at My Door

 Tips for the AI age

 what to pay attention to? world moving faster and faster, so many opportunities, so much great content, overwhelmed by so so so much slop, disinformation, petty stuff

 3 decades ago: BCN - help Boulder leverage the Web: Boulder Public Library, City of Boulder, .... - part of a profound revolutions
 Now: RMAIIG ala  Civic 

 guy with adhd
 early adopter
 civic minded
 curious

 now have a fleet of agents working for me!

   genealogy ai
   analyze Colorado RLA, Georgia audit data, ...
   election auditing software for clerks
   claude for Health coaching
   relationship coaching
   news analysis
   support nonprofits - Decoded Futures   cf BCN
   make my notes more accessible
   write a book?
   3d printing?
   movies
   AI t-shirt

   more lightning talks!
   challenge folks to get ambitious, creative, put together a lightning talk

   apply AI to your passion where you're a good judge
   supplement your ability, don't replace your taste
   note humans make mistakes, have bias, can be adversarial also

   don't get too excited.  addictive - one more prompt - oura ring....
   intelligence amplification


 get your friends engaged - creatives, nonprofit, whatever, exploration, synthesis, out-of-the-box thinking
   human expression

my AI User Story from this morning

  I, Neal McBurnett, as an AI-savvy, caring, curious human being and open source pioneer
 want to promote models and harnesses that comply with the Open Source AI Definition or Open Science model level of the Model Openness Framework
 so that the people and cultures and people of the world can safely flourish without being beholden by companies or governments


 dive in with new superpowers
 focus on the positive, while reflecting on risks
   innovation, energy, materials, batteries, boom supersonic
   poverty
   mental health
   dream of soverign agents helping humanity communicate across cultures and ideologies and find creative solutions to festering problems

 listen to Possible
    Possible - new episode this morning: Token Grantee project - Parth Patil
       One of the creators I recently met didn't want to spend the money on a Mac mini to run his AI agent, so he ran it on his TV instead. It worked. It's a small, funny thing, but I come back to it, because of how little now stands between a person with an idea and the first version of it.

    $1000/week in tokens, pick your own tool
    access to remote agent support - hermes, openclaw
    collaboration with Parth
    patience in creativity: now can trade electricity for time

    grantees: creatives
     dozi anazia - security minded builder, arlington VA - spare compute into applied experiments
     katie jang - systems-minded builder in SF, finance, crypto,
     mathew tieman - DC - foundry logic - energy infrastructure
   generative worlds from dr fe fe
   gpt image 2 - AGI for images - meme creation assistant. video memes
   mental health: principles for opportunities, cautions
	  don't automate what shouldn't be automated - don't lose your voice on social media etc.
 	  supplement your ability, don't replace your taste

   don't get too excited.  addictive - one more prompt - oura ring....
   grantee went thru 20 B tokens in a weekend
   intelligence amplification


 fleet of agents
   Coach Grace
   agent learning how to improve my prompts
   agents for
     coding - learn my style, preferences, strengths, weaknesses
     inquiry
   news review

  security risks => use the cloud, e.g. sprites
    do demo

 see chatgpt / claude suggestions

 AI => Superpowers for ordinary humans
   claude stuff you may have missed:
      claude code, claude agents, /remote-control, dispatch, ....
 Recent great Possible podcasts
    nonprofits
    colorado boom supersonic airplane folks

 Colorado Audits
 Open Source and AI / Mythos

 Coach Grace for ADHD

 mindfulness, somatic grounding
 dance
 call for volunteers for ?auditing? non-profits?

 invoke Essence name: "The Cosmic Election-Dance Rabbi / UU Mystic of Verifiability"
 Photos: https://photos.app.goo.gl/nohsehKu1pn56nJbj8

 Decoded Futures

 AI risks / opportunities / transparency / regulation
 RMAIIG


2026-06-19T18:08:49-0600 
Neal's possible *lightning talks

AI for open source security - the hardest fork
  https://chatgpt.com/c/6a190af7-1c44-83ea-9fc7-de9bda038fb7
“Neutrality and Auditability Principles for AI-Assisted OSS Vulnerability Clearinghouses.”

2025-07-...
What might neal talk about for BLUG?
  FOKS [done]  [by who?? me???]
  AI e.g. DeepSeek; OSAID vs MOF
  election auditing e.g. Def Con preview; Lindell trial; CCCA provenance work
  Rubin
  WaterwayMaps and OpenStreetMap

 Curiosity and Technology serving Community:
  Get involved!
  Write code to benefit science or the community
  Get your family and friends involved in Zooniverse to look for comets
  Learn about AI and give feedback to friends, developers, and lawmakers
  Help me with some provenance and anonomization code
  Join up with All of Us and/or Connect for Cancer

 Open Source AI: Steering the Coming Revolution for Public Good
 PACER, RECAP and hope for a rebirth of open law
 Proportional Representation
